In his video we go to install X EP on a Mac.
So go to the XM website petchey friends dot org and click on that download.
Scroll down to the Mac section.
From here we want to select the latest version of HP which in this case is seven point to point to and
make sure you don't choose the VM option.
In some situations that can actually be unstable.
In in my testing caused one of my Macs to reboot everytime I try to use it.
So for that reason I suggest we install the native version which is this one here.
Save the download.
This will take a short while depending on the speed of your Internet connection.
Once it's finished open up the downloaded DMV file.
Is going to bring this to the middle double click to start the Excel installation.
If this dialogue pops up click on Open into your password.
And we know in the set up was a record next.
He can leave the defaults there.
Click on next.
He can see the installation folder that it's apple been stored to click on Next.
I'm going to check the learn more about it.
NAMI for exam because we don't need to do that at this point.
Context.
Click on next to start the installation.
I say up on your computer.
This will take a few minutes a game depending on your computer and how fast it is.
And eventually the XM set up wizard completes I'm going to lead the checkbox on so that we can launch
checks out.
Click on finish.
We can close down jail except install and you should see XM showing on your screen.
Next we want to click on Message servers and you can see that the Apache Web server is running.
Click on my cicle dollar base and click on start for that as well.
It's my caecal database is now running.
So the next thing we need to do is configure a folder where we are going to store the page.
Peace Groups for this cause so to do that we can open finder.
I'm going to put mine in the documents folder.
I'm going to create a new folder and call it W W W.
However you're free to install it in any folder you wish.
Once we've done that we need to go back to the Apache Web server in the configuration file and update
to pass other points to this new folder that we've just created.
You know the easiest way to do that generally is because right click click on services.
If you've got an option there to open in terminal Selecter if the option doesn't appear.
Making sure that tough finder is checked.
Come up here and click on finder services and services preferences.
That will open up System Preferences and from there what we can do is scroll down and select a new terminal
folder option.
This is a once only set up and if we do that then close down system preferences.
If you go back to where we were before and right click the folder and select services.
We can now select new terminal at vohra.
That opens a new terminal and we can top pwt.
So give us the path that we've just created.
So I'm going to copy that path with command say close down the terminal window a closed down finder.
I'm going to go to a petchey Web server.
I'm going to stop that wouldn't a stopped or configure this directory that contains scripts by clicking
on configure.
From there I'm going to click on Open com file.
We got a warning but that's okay.
Click on yes to continue.
From there we've got this file which is the configuration file for petchey.
We can do a search with command F for document.
It's the second option there.
The second match and I'm going to replace this first line the path within the double quotes for document
root in a paste to my folder that I created.
I'm going to do the same for the next line and the directories.
Well in the double quotes.
Placed in the path and click on done up here.
I'm going to close the file.
At this point our changes have been updated and I can click on start start the Apache Web server again.
At this point the installation and configuration of example on the Mac is now complete.